Hi and welcome back to this A.P. course.
So now that we have all our tweets that husband cleans and so that we have a corpus made of a list of
the different tweets.
What you have to do now is to do what we call a tokenization face.
That means from a sentence which is just a sequence of characters get a list of numbers each number
corresponding to a word.
So we could do that manually by just getting the list of all the words that are in all copies but that
will be quite stages and we will have to face some difficulties like for instance we wouldn't know how
to deal with a new word if I's input for I.
Later we will have a word that we haven't seen yet.
It would be hard to give a meaning to it.
So we will use a tool that exists in the tensor flow that sets module that we loaded before it will
do the whole job for us.
So we will just give it a corpus also give it a target for capsize and it will build what we call an
encoder which is an object that can transform any standout string sentence into the list of numbers
that will be used later by 0 8.
So the way we do that is by declaring our took a NISA equals T F G S for 10 simple datasets that features
the texts that sub would texts and coda that build from Corpus corpus and as I said before we will give
it all corpus.
So the list of all strings and a target vocab size which is a number of words that we want to see in
our vocabulary and it's OK if it's lower than the actual number of words in the language or even in
the corpus.
Actually it could even be positive to do that because with words that do not have a number attached
to them with the you either the encoder will compose it with words that already exists.
Well most of the time it will be letter by letter but that actually can be quite useful and sometimes
it can be powerful with a word that only appears one time in all copies.
For instance it's difficult to get meaning out of it when we don't have many data points with its so
decomposing it might be a more efficient way to process it and to give meaning to it.
So the vocab size that I will use he is around sixty four thousands words which is a pretty big number
but it's too less than the total number of words that exist in English and probably the number of words
that we have in our coffers.
So I want to read it right now because it takes quite a long time to process this to to create that
took an idea.
But after that we will be able to transform each of our sentences each of our strings into a list of
numbers.
So let's say that data inputs will be equal to the list of all the noise that encode.
So this is how we call the ENCODE methods of Arctic and ice applied to a sentence for each sentence
being in data clean.
So before in data clean we had a list of strings interesting being a twits.
And now in data inputs we have a list of sequences each sequence being a list of numbers and corresponding
to tweets.
So now that we have all our sentences that our list of numbers so they are almost ready to be given
to AI for the training.
What we first need to do is the padding because doing the training in artificial intelligence most of
the time leaves batches so we don't do the training.
One example at the time we feed several examples at once to our network which is called batch.
But in order to do that we need all our examples to have the same length.
So we will simply add zeros at the end of each sentence so that they all have the same length.
And the important thing is that zero is not a number that is used by auto organizer.
It doesn't have any meaning.
It doesn't correspond to any words.
So we can safely use it and it won't alter the meaning of sentences.
So first thing to do is to declare the maximum length of r sentences.
So let's do that by creating the global valuable max length we'll be able to max of all the length of
our sentences.
So within sentence for sentence
in data inputs.
So this time each element of data inputs it's a list of numbers each number corresponding to a word.
So that means that the length of sentence is actually the number of words in sequence whereas before
if we took an element of data clean the length of this element would be the number of characters in
a sentence.
So here we have what we were looking for.
And we can use these tools so data inputs equals T F that's clear us that's for processing that sequence
that by the sequences.
And what we have to give it is of course the list of sentences that we want to pass.
So data inputs we also want to give it the value that we use for the budding so value equals zero then
the way we wanted to but so we wanted to add the zeros at the end of sentences.
So we say that padding equals busts.
And finally of course the maximum length of all sentences after the padding so Max Len equals max length.
That's it.
After this we will have all our sentences that would have the same length.
So then we will give it to the training method for I.
It will be able to apply batches and to do it more efficiently.
And finally last thing that we want to do is to speed our data into a training sets and the testing
sets so that we can evaluate the performance of all I just after the training and actually all that
the set has something special which is that we have one million six hundred thousand elements in it
and actually in the order of our data are right now the first half of it have a negative sentiments.
And the second half of it has a positive sentiments.
So they are actually sorted.
So a simple way to let's say get 1000 elements from the positive sets and 1000 elements from the negative
sets in order to create 0 testing sets will be to just pick thousands random integers between 0 and
800000 minus 1.
So we will do that tests indices equals and beat that random that round int from 0 to 800 thousands
minus one.
So we can't have a hundred thousands with these methods and we will have eight thousands of them.
So this gives us the indices that we will use among the first half of our data to create all testing
sets.
So to have the negative tweets and in order to have all all indices.
So for the negative and the positive tweets we will simply concatenate so NPD that can cut tonight's
the indices that we already have.
So far the negative tweets and the same indices of course its tests and tests indices shifted by eight
hundred thousands eight hundred thousand.
Perfect.
So with that we have the indices that we want to use in order to create our testing sets.
So let's do that right now and say that tests inputs would be equal to data inputs in those indices.
So the tests in this is and of course do the same OK.
I keep writing text instead of tests but you've got me.
And of course this is the same thing for test tests labels are all equal to data labels.
In tests indices and now we have our testing sets.
So of course we want to get rid of those data from the training sets and in order to do that we will
use the delete method from the nearby module so train inputs equals and b that dilate and it will delete
from data inputs the indices tests indices and us of course data inputs is a matrix and not just a vector
because it's a list of lists.
It's a list of sequences each sequence being a list of numbers.
The list of what we need to specify and on which axes we want to apply this methods.
And of course this is the first one because this is the first axis that corresponds to the index of
the sentences in all copies.
And now let's finally create or train labels so train labels equals and that deletes data labels and
we deletes those indices and as labels are just a vector we don't need to specify the axes for the delete
method.
So that's it.
Now we finally have our training and testing sets that are ready to be used to train 0 II.
So of course all you have to do is to build AI and that's exactly the topic of the next part so see
you soon.